                                                  activities at the local faire                                                   

 1 Every year, a particularly skilled Minotaur makes a hedge maze. She is a gardener and spends the season making labyrinths for the
   townsfolks festival. There is a plate of cookies in the center, and her calf (young son) is patrolling inside to help people who
   become lost. The Minotaur charges 1 copper for entry, and donates the money to charity.
 2 A 'Fungeon' full of 'Funsters' and 'Treasure'. Look out for the 'Traps' and the pickpockets.
 3 A Fancy Dress Competition. Tailors get to show off what they've been working on over the past year.
 4 A Fortune Telling Booth.
 5 A Freak Show. Come see some of the most gruesome sights in the realms! (It's all illusion spells, don't worry!)
 6 A Guess Your Weight stand.
 7 A Hair Braiding Booth. Any braid you like, even those fancy Elven ones!
 8 A Log Balancing contest. The winners of the contest face off in a pool filled with water elementals. (Dexterity Check)
 9 A Magician. (No actual magic, just smoke and mirrors)
10 A Mead Maker's Competition. They're short a couple of judges, and will offer the job to anyone who looks to have a strong
   constitution.
11 A Pick Pocketing Challenge. Everyone attending the fair is given a bright piece of cloth to be put in their belt/pocket. If you
   keep hold of yours, you win a prize at the end of the day. If you are able to pickpocket other people's cloth, then you could win
   the grand prize. (Sleight of Hand Check)
12 A Popcorn/Kettlecorn Booth. Don't let it get stuck in your teeth!
13 A Sparring Ring. Locals can take out whatever frustration they've had on each other over the past year here!
14 A booth disguised as a pie stall that buys and sells illegal goods (drugs, banned religious symbols, etc.)
15 A booth is staffed by students from a local magic academy. They take requests for magic assistance but can't really do anything
   themselves. An appropriate level mage will visit each customer within a few days. The students get a cut of the revenue towards
   their tuition, so they can be very pushy.
16 A booth selling Potions of Thirst Quenching (water).
17 A bored-looking devil sitting at a booth with a sign saying 'Anything you want: $Your Soul'. Be very careful here, as what he
   offers starts out seeming great, but eventually is just terrible.
18 A chess-playing chicken. 5 silvers to play, beat the chicken and double your money. (Intelligence Check)
19 A divination stand with an old lady with a crystal ball... Or she reads the lines in your hands... Either way, it's up to the DM
   whether it's true divination.
20 A gnome trinket master is making clockwork trinkets for the townsfolk.
21 A great Tug of War over a pit of mud. (Strength Check)
22 A group of Yuan-Ti have set up an exotic (lightly cursed) amulet shop.
23 A group of local Living Trees are handing out apples and giving advice in their deep voices such as 'make sure you plant the
   seeds', and 'don't play with fire'.
24 A lavender-skinned tiefling does palm readings while their (Make both parties male or female, whichever you choose) dwarven friend
   polishes weapons and armor for people who are having their palms read.
25 A literal haunted house of past carnival workers, so they know not kill anyone.
26 A male half-orc conjurer, a female tiefling monster hunter, and a female elf beast trainer are all locals in the town. Each year
   they meet for drinks at the fair, before competing in their own special game: Ooze Cruise. Each participant is required to bring
   an ooze to the event. 3 premade stone towers are erected at the outskirts of the fair. The participants climb some scaffolding to
   place their ooze at the top. The first ooze to eat their way to the bottom of the tower wins. Over the past few years, this self-
   made competition has attracted the attention of the townsfolk who enjoy betting on the competition.
27 A man dressed in a jester costume is sitting above a dunk tank. Can you hit the target?
28 A music contest between individual performers or 'bands'. (Performance Check)
29 A nearby tent displays various works of art. The artists are there for questions about their pieces.
30 A rogue favorite; Hide and Seek competition. (Stealth Check)
31 A scavenger hunt. A special golden coin has been hidden somewhere on the fairgrounds. Can you find it? (Perception Check)
32 A simple cloth is laid out in front of a famous local hermit. He magically mends objects and performs low level spells at a deep
   discount. He uses the money to buy supplies so he can avoid town the rest of the year.
33 A small number of goblins can occasionally be seen sneaking around the fair, sometimes they will be spotted oh-ing and ah-ing at
   some of the attractions. If questioned, they flee. If found again later and questioned, they are doing research for their own
   Carnival.
34 A stall that sells mildly enchanted jewelry that can change colors at will.
35 A table with bored guards looking for recruits, people are clearly walking around it.
36 A team of 3-5 people are allowed to compete in an eating contest against a local hill giant. The hill giant rolls 2d100. Each
   player rolls 1d20+Con. Whichever team's total is higher wins the contest. The party becomes fatigued for 24 hours if they compete.
37 A “Guess the mimic” game. Players are brought into a fake house and must determine which object is the mimic. Maybe the mimic is
   the house itself? (Perception Check)
38 An Archery competition. The contestants are trying to shoot an apple off the head of a gnome. (Dexterity Check)
39 An Axe-Throwing (or similar projectile) Contest. (Dexterity Check)
40 An ale-drinking contest. (Constitution Check)
41 Animal races. Which one do you bet on to win the race?
42 Arm Wrestling Contest. (Strength Check)
43 Bake sale for the local orphanage.
44 Bobbing for apples. Some apples are injected with a polymorph potion.
45 Bull riding contest. Stay on the longest to win! (Athletics or Strength Check)
46 Carriage Rides (for the kids)
47 Carriage Rides (romantic for couples)
48 Cooking contest - player(s) need to prepare some exotic dish and the only thing they know is the dish name. (Cooking Check - and
   perhaps History, to see if they recognize the meal?)
49 Cunning Linguists; replace a language at random (pick a random; non-common, language the player knows replace it randomly from a
   list as large as you want, if they crit, they keep their original language, if they crit fail, they lose their original language,
   and gain nothing)
50 Dance Competition. (Performance Check)
51 Deep-Fried Foods on a Stick.
52 Displays of the local children’s artwork.
53 Exotic Animal Show. Come see fantastical animals from all across the realm!
54 Exotic Nuts and Fruits Stall.
55 Exotic pet rock dealer. (1 in D8 rocks is an elemental pet!)
56 Feat for Curse? (Your player can buy an extra feat, but they are stricken with a curse. Can be a strong curse or as simple as a
   new character flaw.)
57 Fencing with wooden swords. Three hits, and you're out! (Standard Combat Rules)
58 Filthy-Filch'N: The local Thieves Guild branch's secret booth. The local constabulary have had items reverse pick pocketed into
   their pouches. Bring them all back for a prize! (Sleight of Hand Check)
59 Gambling/Card/Dice Games. This is most likely illegal, so they take place in a closed tent in the back of the fair.
60 Gnome Tossing contest - a gnome suitable dressed in padding and helmet can be tossed. The aim is to toss the gnome furthest or to
   a target. Various bonuses or penalties could be applied to the thrower. Does the gnome co-operate or not ? There are rules in some
   other subreddits on gnome tossing.
61 Goldfish Scooping. Some say the goldfish are actually polymorphed fair-goers who were caught cheating some of the other games.
62 Greased Pole Climbing contest - there's a tree trunk liberally coated in grease and the first person to reach the top is the
   winner. Everyone tries to climb at the same time.
63 Greased Pole Climbing contest - there's a tree trunk liberally coated in grease and the first person to reach the top is the
   winner. Everyone tries to climb at the same time. (Athletics Check)
64 Gurning competition. (Seriously, it's a real thing. Compete to pull the most ridiculous face.) (Performance Check)
65 Horse Racing. Race against some of the most experienced horse-riders in the realm! (Animal Handling Check)
66 House of Mirrors. Can you escape? (Perception Check)
67 Jousting on Horseback. Can you knock your opponent off their horse? (Animal Handling and Dexterity Check)
68 Liar's Contest: spin the wildest tale you can think of and the crowd votes on the best one based on believability, complexity and
   incredibility. (Bluff/Deception Check)
69 Living tower - teams of (your party size) need to build the highest tower out of their bodies. (Athletics Check)
70 Lockpicking contest - while blindfolded! (Thieves Tools Check)
71 Loose Livestock Catching (Oiled Pig, Chickens, Etc.) (Strength, Dexterity, or Animal Handling Check)
72 Lumberjack Games. Who is the fastest at chopping these massive logs? (Strength Check)
73 Midsommar Maypole: Here, drink this. Bad things start happening.
74 Mimic Or Money. 10gp per game. Players are sat in front of 3 chests and are told to choose one to open. Upon choosing one, the
   gamemaster will reveal one mimic and ask if they would like to change their answer to the other chest. If the player chooses
   correctly, they get what they bet plus 10. Upon choosing incorrectly, players have to fight a mimic, the battle lasts until the
   mimic dies or the player gets defeated, however, the player shouldn't die.
75 Pie Baking Competition. (Cooking Check)
76 Prettiest Baby Pageant.
77 Prize Vegetable Contests (largest pumpkin, heaviest cabbage, tastiest tomato, hottest pepper, sweetest corn, juiciest peach, etc.)
78 Puppet show using Minor Illusion and Mage Hand.
79 Raffle Lottery. 1gp to enter!
80 Rope Climbing Competition. (Dexterity or Strength Check)
81 Sitting-On-Top-Of-A-10ft-Wooden-Pole-Competition. (Athletics Check)
82 Some sprites and pixies are letting people fly in exchange for hunting equipment. They have a large furnace with a baby firenewt
   inside where they dispose of the hunting gear.
83 Tag a Guard - you need to kick a guard and not get caught.
84 Test your might booth; Challengers are tasked to lift an impossibly heavy rock for 1G, if you can the prize is 50g. (Strength
   Check)
85 The Big Hammer And Bell Contest. (Strength Check)
86 The Cheese Race: Out run the old cheeses rolling down the hill.
87 The local Thieves Guild is smuggling cheap ale off the back of a wagon and will pay the party to help them carry the items before
   the guard comes back with a warrant.
88 The mayor is letting the winner of the children's foot race hit him with a custard pie.
89 The tent of 'long rests' in 20 minutes!
90 The town guard is giving free fighting lessons for able-bodied citizens. There is a list where the festival goers write their
   contact information for the towns militia.
91 The town guard is hosting a make-your-own banner booth. An enchanter can be hired to enchant the banner.
92 There are temporary shrines from many different Gods and Goddesses. They can be prayed to for small blessings.
93 There is a Slap-a-Guard booth. Once a year, the citizens can pay 50gp to slap a guard in the face that they don't like. The
   players can choose any guard they've met. There is a small ledger where the citizens can write their names and become a guard. The
   guards are instructed to say 'If you think you're better than me, then you can prove it by signing the ledger'.
94 There is a beefy half orc chef selling 2gp firewater, an ale that gives +1 strength for 1d8 hours to anyone with a con modifier of
   +3 or higher.
95 There is a booth where town officials can be found. The booth is a guard station, water station, first aid station, lost and
   found, (one random item from the party can be found here) and fair management station. There is a donation jar. The officials have
   a few errands they ask of the party such as collecting late dues from some of the fairground shopkeepers.
96 There is a costume booth where a master tailor, doppelganger, illusionist, and thief work together to give anyone a makeover,
   haircut, or costume of their choosing.
97 There is a kenku hermit from the neighboring hills who has a large wagon filled with nuts and berries. They are selling a handful
   for 1 copper each.
98 There is a wizard who is running a -make your own potion- stall. The wizard will help players make any potion they want at half
   price.
99 Underwater Wrestling. Contestants meet in a large glass tank. They both have to wrestle underwater. The first to surface loses.
   Some towns use a giant octopus as a champion for an added twist. (Strength/Dexterity Check)
00 Wife/Husband-Carrying Race. (Dexterity/Strength Check)
