                                                     art objects worth 100gp                                                      

 1 A 12x12ft, intricately patterned, thick, silk carpet. (200lb)
 2 A 2-foot golden statue of the deity Waukeen. Waukeen is seated on a chair made of coins.
 3 A baby’s blanket made of the finest cloth. It is kept in a mothballed container for years. It smells faintly of mint, as if
   someone meant to store it for a very long time.
 4 A beautiful elven vase that is slightly cracked. The painting around the outside of the vase depicts an elven god planting the
   world's very first tree.
 5 A beautifully crafted but unbalanced and obviously impractical weapon. Is it a long-handled sword? A short-handled spear with a
   long blade? A throwing javelin with a 10-foot range?
 6 A birch and mahogany game-board approximately 30 centimeters across.  The squares of the board are arrayed in a 9x9 pattern.  A
   small set of two matching birch tables only 10 centimeters high accompany the board.
 7 A black onyx scepter with a head of a crow carved in the handle.
 8 A blue-blade sword within a black leather sheath trimmed with silver leaves. It can be pulled out, but not drawn all the way out.
 9 A boldly colored quartz the size of a pigeon's egg, etched and painted in such a way that when it is placed to one's eye in the
   light, they see a clever but naughty image of a beautiful person in the nude.
10 A brass and glass hand-mirror with an intricate wirework for the handle.  The wirework is of a bird in a cage.
11 A candle holder fashioned to resemble a fire mephit holding the candle. The candle holder is made of silver.
12 A candle made of red wax, in the image of a fire salamander
13 A canvas swatch full of lines and streaks of colors, all of which methods of color reproduction are lost to time.
14 A carved golden sun, meant to mounted on a wall
15 A carved tusk of an unknown monster, depicting druids in the middle of a ritual
16 A ceramic jug with glyphs of people teaching the spell 'create food and water'. Can be used by wizards to copy into spell book.
17 A child’s painting framed beautifully. The art itself is fairly lacking but the frame is worth a decent amount, even more to
   someone who appreciates the juxtaposition of incredibly classy and messy.
18 A chunk of metal that, when inspected, is just 100 gp melted and welded together.
19 A clay pot full of a rare and valuable spice.
20 A clock in the image of an owlbear's face. It is of masterwork gnomish quality. Every hour the owlbear opens its mouth and a -hoot
   hoot- sound emanates from the clock. At nighttime the eyes of the owlbear glow blood red.
21 A crown of wyvern fangs set in silver.
22 A crudely made painting of a king smiling. The painting itself is nothing special. What is however special is the painter but
   being one of his worse works it gets a rather low price.
23 A deed to a very small portion of land that now resides in the very middle of a noble's house. The city will buy it off of you for
   a good price.
24 A desktop ornament made of pink clear glass in the shape of a pig with a bright red glass apple in its mouth.  When the pig is
   rubbed, it makes a magical oink noise.
25 A disk of clay with extremely fine etchings of semi-concentric lines that seem to spiral outwards from the center in tight, semi
   random wiggly spirals.  It has been broken into three shards.
26 A display of a stone giants stone club. far too heavy to wield by medium sized creatures.
27 A fancy belt buckle (broken beyond repair) from a legendary wizard hero, engraved with his initials.
28 A filigree gold goblet once owned by a prince.
29 A fine glass lensed magnifying glass tied by a red silk ribbon to a codex filled with hundreds of pages of detailed illumination
   regarding the natural world.
30 A finely made flask and flask sheath. The flask is slightly dirty on the inside but with some running water and time, it will
   reveal a noble's crest on the side immediately, skyrocketing the value.
31 A finely tanned, soft leather pouch filled with thirty-six small, polished hematite tiles about 2 cm across, inscribed with non-
   magical glyphs on both sides.  Some of the tiles have different glyphs on opposing sides.  The pouch has a leather drawstring.
32 A gilded and illuminated manuscript.
33 A gilded oil lamp with ornate scrollwork cutouts of a warrior, and an evil sorcerer, meant to cast shadows on the wall in their
   shape.
34 A glass display with the first 100 gold coins minted by a nearby dwarven civilization.
35 A gnomish tinkered hummingbird that fly’s in place for eternity.
36 A gold brooch inlaid with jet and garnet.
37 A golden likeness of the hand of a legendary female warlord, sitting atop a small pedestal bearing her name (Alanna the Fearless).
   The hand is able to hold a sword that is made to her specific specifications, all others simply fall out.
38 A grey ooze that has been polymorphed into a throw rug. The ooze is unable to move across the floor on its own, however is
   constantly moving 'within' itself, giving the appearance of a swirling void.
39 A handful of jasper puzzle pieces speckled with flecks of semiprecious stone (citrine, amethyst, garnet, etc.) that assemble
   themselves into the 2-D likeness of the last animal you pointed at.
40 A hat-stand made with ornate knobs of polished brass on the ends of the hooks.  The knobs are animal heads in fine detail.
41 A headframe for a bed made with black ash logs. There are carved pictures of ravens decorating the headboard, and gold has been
   pressed into the carvings.
42 A jade carving of a dog etched with its eulogy.
43 A jade tea set for two, stored on a lovely wooden tray.
44 A large globe showing the known world and a nested set of platonic solids, all made of brass.  The entire contraption is over a
   meter across.
45 A large stone that (magically/naturally) glows. It is crafted into a statuette of a celestial being. The stone itself is worth
   little but the craftsmanship is very fine.
46 A matching pair of platinum rings. Each with a large pearl inset. They are worth 50gp each; or 100 gp for the set.
47 A mind flayers brain kept inside of a glass container.
48 A mirror that makes you look more attractive via illusion magic.
49 A model of the solar system you reside in. It is made entirely out of brass with some of the labels faded over time. It could
   possibly be sold to a place of knowledge for a slightly higher price.
50 A necklace with a large pearl eye, around the eye are ten smaller pearl eyes branching off of the central eye. The necklace is
   gold and fashioned to depict a beholder.
51 A non-magical stone 'official' seal carved of three birds in flight with a blank spot where the buyer's official crest can be
   added.
52 A painting of a flail snail enhanced by magic to project faint rainbow light from the shell of the flail snail.
53 A painting of a ship sailing away from Waterdeep bay.
54 A painting of exquisite skill drawn by a discredited master. “Hm... probably a fake. I’ll give you 100 gold, consider yourself
   lucky.”
55 A painting of middling skill drawn by a local lord who has recently passed. “He was a bastard when he was alive. but an endearing
   one now he’s dead!”
56 A painting that was started but not finished that depicts a beautiful landscape. It was started by a famous painter but
   unfortunately, he died halfway through finishing it. Parts of it are still sketched while others are fully painted.
57 A palm sized carved stone replica of the Tomb of Horrors.
58 A palm sized gelatinous cube containing a finely crafted model ship. The cube has been permanently suspended in animation with
   magic and is non-threatening.
59 A palm sized jade turtle. While visibly impressive, most appraisers know it is of sub-par craftsmanship.
60 A palm-sized bronze automaton of a goose that lays a copper egg. Its eyes are rubies. Feed it copper coins and it produces more
   copper eggs.
61 A perfectly preserved bone skull of a Sahuagin, on a corral wall mount
62 A perfectly preserved molt of a Yuan-Ti Abomination. The molt is displayed on a large wooden platform.
63 A polished brass and copper clockwork toy of a small cottage, a farmer and their animals that moves when wound.  The farmer chases
   a toy chicken with an axe.
64 A polished brass telescoping spyglass, compass, octant, and slide rule set with precisely engraved markings and extreme precision.
   It comes in a velvet lined wooden case that has been treated with beeswax.
65 A portrait that makes a 3d bust illusion of a designated person. Requires a simple ritual to 'take the picture'.
66 A ridiculously unusable gold-plated fantasy sword.
67 A round table with engraved magic circle and runes that casts a random Prestidigitation effect every day on a fixed lantern in the
   middle of the table.
68 A scrimshaw pipe. When puffed on small skeletal animal smoke shapes rise out.
69 A see-through glass sword. The blade is made out of a clear blue glass while the handle is tinted blue.
70 A sentient, immobile, carved basalt statue of a jellyfish, summoned to godhood by a cult of Koa-Toa
71 A set of candlesticks that on casual glance look extremely expensive which, upon very close examination, turn out to be made of
   brass instead of gold and with glass instead of gemstones.
72 A sheathe for a short sword long since forgotten. It is made with purple velvet wrapped owlbear leather, capped at the end by
   electrum. The inside has been smoothed considerably and lined with gelatinous cube remains. The effect of this is realized when
   drawing the sword, the sheathe generates zero sound whatsoever. There is a carved wooden replica of the sword inside the sheathe,
   and all are contained within a see-through glass case wherein the sheathe lays horizontally.
73 A silver and brass mirror with lewd designs hidden around the frame.
74 A silver circlet with a glowing stone in it, it can be used to cast light once per day
75 A silver lined demon skull drinking cup.
76 A silver ring with a small piece of jet set in it.
77 A single Coatl feather, on a palm leaf.
78 A singular wooden box, with 1-year worth of every spice in the world.
79 A small box inlaid with mother of pearl.
80 A small chest for storing jewels in but made completely without nails.  The outside of the chest has been lacquered red and inlaid
   with some very fine parquetry of a fruiting tree.
81 A small gem encrusted crown, too small for most races, the crown is unique in that it has horsehair attached, allowing the crown
   to be worn as a wig.
82 A small living carnivorous plant, inside of a notably larger iron cage.
83 A small notebook with the random musings of 'The Author.' Many of them pertain about the nature of the world, time, space and the
   future. Oddly no one has noticed that all the predictions in said notebook have come true.
84 A small sapphire hairpin carved into the shape of an ocean wave.
85 A small wood totem carved to resemble a werewolf, stolen from a cult of Malar.
86 A small, ornate hand-mirror, with decorative trim and a quote running along the edges that reads 'Beauty is Diligence in Physical
   Form'.
87 A stone tiled gameboard. the gameboard has stone figurines of adventurers fighting goblins in a dungeon.
88 A tapestry depicting the rise and fall of a recently conquered nearby city-state.
89 A tiny sundial made from a single piece of platinum.
90 A vase made from beautiful stone, carved with celestial figures around it, some marble inlays
91 A volume of painstakingly illuminated holy scripture - bookmarked to some of the racier passages.
92 A volume of poetry by the late great bard _______.
93 A white cape with red embroidery. As you spill blood on the cape, the embroidery grows.
94 A white porcelain chamber pot, the much-maligned last work of a great artist who went mad. The pot has the signature of the artist
   scrawled on it in a shaky hand.
95 A wire basket handled rapier of ornate design, with a fake ruby made of glass mounted in the pommel.  The rapier is mounted to be
   a trophy on a wall.  A small plaque reads, 'Wrath'.
96 A wood bound codex filled illuminated with several hundred pages of highly colorful and anatomically difficult descriptions of
   sexual positions.  The codex is sealed with a small brass chain.  The text of the manuscript is in a language that is not common.
97 An abstract art piece, not of any notable artist, but painted with specks of stones with permanent and colorful illumination.
98 An amphora of ancient Fey wine (still good, and very tasty).
99 An elven viol decorated with silver vines.
00 An exquisite scrimshaw design of dueling dragons made from a harpy claw.
101 An ivory tusk the length of an arm but carved with scenes from a battle long ago.
102 An ornate mantle clock that rings the hour with twelve separate melodies.
103 An ornate, decorative inkpot and penknife made of rare animal horn.
104 An ornate, smooth orb of hardened tree sap (mixed with lavender dye.) It has the appearance of a round translucent ball (the size
   of a tennis ball in real life) with a dark purple hue and is often mistaken for an old family heirloom. Perhaps an Eboron spell
   wright believes it is her great grandmother’s spell casting focus, passed down for generations, or is a rather loud-mouthed,
   malicious constable found in his office every morning adoring his magnificent paper weight with an unusual amount of quiet glee?
105 Artwork of a battle showing the local lords fighting off an attack, painted by a long dead artist. The painting is set in a lovely
   gold leaf frame.
106 Boots that magically stay warm and dry, no matter what they've been through.
107 Ghostly and spectral remains that have been encased in a Crystal Ball. The ball glows faintly and has a swirling mist effect
   inside.
108 Huge ornately carved mahogany doors. Very heavy.
109 Iron ball and chain, there are carefully chiseled etchings in the chain and around the ball in dwarvish. If read, the etchings
   reveal a song about a criminal held in confinement for killing a noble, but her jailhouse was besieged by bandits for a year.
   After the first verse, the faint chiseled etchings become deeper and clearer, telling of the dwarf’s temporary release and
   subsequent victory in combat of the besiegers alongside her jailers. The third and final verse is carved faintly and carefully
   again, detailing the dwarf continuing her life sentence until her death.
110 Seven beautifully etched bells in descending sizes, each made of silver and each with its own tone. Ringing one makes you slightly
   sleepy, others fill you with talkative urge or a powerful sense of unease.
111 Silver Body chains, worn by a high priestess Yuan-Ti.
112 Six ornately decorated candles with religious symbolism, and tapers (for lighting), in a small, smoked boxwood case of fine
   craftsmanship, with space for a seventh candle.
113 The (nonmagical) axe of Gunthar the Brave, a hero that is very well known and celebrated in his hometown, but not very well known
   elsewhere.
114 The beautifully carved silver lance tip of Sir Thais. It had tipped his ceremonial lance, which was all he had when the [insert
   current npc group the PCs just fought] brazenly ambushed the king's parade a few months ago. The tip broke off after being plunged
   into the shoulder of [a bad guy] and was recovered by [bad guy minions]. Sadly, being ceremonial, the designs are intricate but
   not really effective for a lance tip, nearly blunt.
115 The crown of a lizard king. The crown is made of gold and has images of lizardfolk fighting various fey creatures for control of a
   swamp.
116 The gaudy holy symbol of a cult to the defunct goddess of wealth.
117 The keystone of the entrance arch from a legendary temple destroyed in an ancient war. (50lb) - priceless to the right collector.
118 The mask of a cloud giant. The mask is pearl white and has light pink stripes.
119 The wrappings of a mummy inside a locked trunk.
120 This ornate oak chair is both artsy AND functional. Sculpted by talented elven Craftsman as a wealthy dining set but have been
   split up due to war. Each chair depicts a different scene in a major war that happened thousands of years ago.
121 Two delicate links of silver chain around a demon statuette of rare wood. Of particular interest to that demon’s cult.
122 a handcrafted dreamcatcher adorned with werewolf teeth
123 a painting with a mage shouting spells, it is clearly readable out of his mouth, but the letters become denser and denser until
   it’s only black paint.
