                                                           fey bargains                                                           

 1 A secret will be revealed that will make you hate someone you loved.
 2 A talking flea now lives in your nose.
 3 All coins look like gold to you.
 4 All elves look the same to you.
 5 All water tastes oily.
 6 Anytime you see holy water, you get a great urge to down the whole bottle.
 7 Anytime you touch something that is the color (d6) it automatically turns (d6). (d6:) 1. Red; 2. Orange; 3. Yellow; 4. Green; 5.
   Blue; 6. Purple
 8 At midnight you recite strange lines from musicals you have never heard.
 9 Both of the character's eyes are now the entirely the color of what their irises used to be.
10 Cats meows now sound like orc battle cries to you.
11 Character is unable to see the color blue or green as it blends perfectly into the background.
12 Children and animals will always know their location.
13 Describe or name a specific type of beast. All creatures of this kind are now enamored with you, however you are now slightly
   allergic to them.
14 Even the smallest explosion looks like a nuclear detonation to you.
15 Every day, your eyes, change their color.
16 Every time the character swears their servitude at the end of their lives extends by 1 year.
17 Every time you see a bear, you perceive it as a 60 year old human wearing a bear costume.
18 Every time you sleep, you only dream of yourself lying awake and wake up less rested than before.
19 Everything you eat tastes like chicken.
20 Fingernails tell short stories about what you have done clipping/ biting them causes you to forget what happened but eating the
   nail returns the memory.
21 From now on when you sleep, you will not wake without someone performing the same ceremony. While sleeping you do not age, require
   sustenance, or suffer non-lethal damage.
22 From now on, every pet you see, you see it as an evil monster.
23 Goblins now look like beautiful women.
24 Looking at a corpse that is more than 1 year old causes you to instantly vomit.
25 Lose all memories of a loved one. This loved one may be from the character's past, or a future loved one. Tough to recognize,
   unless this character disagrees with the number of people in a group.
26 Ogres look incredibly beautiful to you and nymphs seem hideous.
27 On a full moon you think and act like you have transformed into a lycanthrope but in fact don’t.
28 Once every year on the night of the summer solstice you are magically summoned to a place far beyond your recognition. There you
   will be given one task that you would give your life to complete.
29 One language you know is replaced with screaming but you think it’s normal.
30 One of your friends was never born, although you retain memories of them.
31 One tenth of all gold you earn disappears as a tribute to the Fae.
32 Sitting causes you physical pain - you can only stand up or lay down.
33 Suddenly, only trolls find you to be attractive. When seen by a troll, you will be aggressively sought after for a long term
   relationship.
34 The character can no longer go to sleep without making a stone circle around themselves.
35 The character eats and drinks messily and noisily, no matter how hard the player tries to prevent this.
36 The character emits a melodious ringing noise every time they yawn, sneeze or burp.
37 The character glows in artificial light.
38 The character has forgotten their own name. No one will remember them, even close friends and family.
39 The character is convinced they can talk to plants, despite having no ability to do so.
40 The character no longer has a shadow.
41 The character now unwillingly slips Sylvian words into their everyday speech and cannot be brought aware of it.
42 The character's ears enlarge when they are caught lying. The character's ears shrink when they tell the truth and are not
   believed.
43 The character's eyes are inversed in color; the irises are now white and the whites are the color of the irises.
44 The concept of death is unbearably sad, so that you burst into tears whenever it comes up.
45 The next time you see a frog, it will loudly proclaim that if you kiss it it will become a prince. Whether or not it really does
   is decided by the DM.
46 The sound of a bell turned your known languages into horse neighs.
47 The taste of citris now tastes like blood.
48 The voice of the last person you killed tells you things about their life no one wants to know.
49 The would becomes cold, ever so cold. Warmth becomes something impossible for you to feel.
50 There will be a surprise when they get home. What they find will belong to the fey in 5 years time.
51 Touching gloves makes your hands feel like they are getting stung by bees.
52 Touching rope whatsoever gives you rope burn instantly.
53 Vines and leaves will now be sparingly intermingled with the character's hair and body hair.
54 Water always feels very cold to you.
55 When it rains, you perceive every droplet as a human face.
56 You age backwards (but this will not prolong your life).
57 You age twice as fast. Cutting you time on earth in half.
58 You always smell strongly of flowers - it's a little overwhelming.
59 You are cursed with mildly aggravating misfortune. Once per day out of combat, at random, you make a skill check with
   disadvantage.
60 You are physically incapable of looking anyone directly in the eyes.
61 You are unable to fall asleep anywhere except outside, at night, in a place where the stars are visible.
62 You become obsessed by kittens.
63 You can hear with supernatural precision, but to do so you have to wear the most ridiculous hat anyone has ever seen. In fact, the
   hat induces immediate laughter to any who see it being worn.
64 You can no longer conceive of 'eleven.'
65 You can no longer distinguish left and right.
66 You can no longer form new bird-related memories.
67 You can no longer go outside unless it's pouring rain.
68 You can no longer perceive the color (d6:) 1. Red; 2. Orange; 3. Yellow; 4. Green; 5. Blue; 6. Purple
69 You can only read the written word backwards - usually from right to left.
70 You can speak to the trees. They only talk about boring topics such as politics and the weather, but will not listen to anything
   you have to say.
71 You can't use your eyes and ears at the same time anymore. One must be covered in order to use the other. Trying to use both eyes
   and ears will result in audio or visual hallucinations.
72 You cannot use any word beginning with the letter 't'.
73 You don’t believe in having a small fire anymore.
74 You gain extreme sensitivity to moonlight.
75 You gain the beauty of the gods as long as you view yourself in a mirror each day, if not your beauty will corrupt into necrotic
   horror.
76 You lose d4 letters of your name.
77 You lose d6 inches of height.
78 You lose your most treasured memory.
79 You must give yourself a pep talk every morning.
80 You must marry the Fae you are bargaining with.
81 You now have the ability to fly short distances, but only if your eyes are closed.
82 You owe a pound of flesh - you can choose which pound if you remove it yourself.
83 You shall conceive a full family but lose one of them on their 11th birthday to the fey.
84 You shall lead a great Kingdom for 10 years but it will then fall into ruin due to your efforts.
85 You shall spread wealth wherever you go but never hold this wealth yourself.
86 You think you are the worlds greatest bard.
87 You will become aware of the exact time of your death.
88 Your blood is now alabaster white.
89 Your blood is perceived as (d6) by everyone except you. (d6:) 1. Red; 2. Orange; 3. Yellow; 4. Green; 5. Blue; 6. Purple
90 Your breathing is always loud and obnoxious.
91 Your childhood pet always appears to you to be in the room, but no one else can see it.
92 Your eyes look like the eyes of the person you talk to.
93 Your firstborn shall carve out a great destiny but will be taken from you at the moment of its birth, either through the fey
   arriving and taking it or its mortal body arriving as a still birth and it's soul being born into the fey wild.
94 Your fist born child will die at the age of eleven. You will have a first born child.
95 Your hair is a kleptomaniac.
96 Your knees become fused. You loose the ability to run.
97 Your most used magic item that requires a verbal component is replaced by an embarrassing nickname.
98 Your self-image will always be of whatever you are currently wearing - no matter what you wear you will always see yourself
   wearing the same clothes.
99 Your skin becomes hot pink direct sun light.
00 Your sneezes produce sparkling dust.
