                                                  items in a fantasy thrift shop                                                  

 1 A 'silver' sword that's actually just shiny steel.
 2 A -1 longsword (or whatever weapon) (Still technically a magic item, though).
 3 A Teddy bear with missing eyes
 4 A bag of holding that only holds 5 items
 5 A belt that has a texture worryingly similar to your skin’s
 6 A black shiny disk with dozens of embossed rings. Who knows what it’s made of?
 7 A book containing guides on how to get rid of a curse.
 8 A book titled 'the book of fate', the pages of which are empty.
 9 A bottle filled with liquid with the cap still on, the label reads, ”NOT the poison one” written in green. There is a five pack
   sitting next to it, they are blank.
10 A branch in the shape of a wand with a carved handle, it still has some (dead) leaves
11 A brass tiara, you feel empowered putting it on.
12 A breastplate of a former knight with a hole at the height of the heart. Something like a bulls horn has pierced through.
13 A cape with a slightly frayed collar and trim ( and a secret object sewed into the lining).
14 A clay mortar and pestle that looks like it was made by a drunken toddler.
15 A clock with the minute hand bent and the hour hand stuck on 6.
16 A cookie jar in the shape of a thumbs up.
17 A corncob pipe.
18 A cracked harp missing most of it's strings.
19 A crown made out of real dragon teeth. Or just a well-made counterfit.
20 A cursed book. It tells a tale of absolute nonsense, people reaching “godhood” by “opening their third eye”. Will drive the reader
   insane, and will force them to kill themselves if they don’t rid themselves of this curse within 25+2D10 days. It was most likely
   written by a demon.
21 A drawing of a beautiful city that doesn't (or no longer) exist.
22 A fishing rod with a big brass reel. It’s clearly worn but looks like it’s got a few good catches left in it with the proper care.
23 A flashy purple suit with animal print lining the interior.
24 A foam sword.
25 A funky knitted scarf with all the colors of the rainbow.
26 A gentleman top hat in perfect condition.
27 A giant’s armor. It has a huge tear through its torso, giving some information about it’s last owner.
28 A goblet with the inscription 'happy 14th anniversary Christa'.
29 A green clay tea set. 3 small round tea cups that have been scrubbed clean. Looking inside the kettle you spot a small amount of
   coagulated blood.
30 A hooded lantern that is painted rather intricately with a housecat motif depicting cats playing in different poses. It’s mostly
   painted in whites and pinks, and it has small scuff marks on one side.
31 A jigsaw puzzle that opens a portal to another plane when completed... but, three pieces are missing.
32 A lamp shaped like a woman's lower leg in a high-heeled shoe.
33 A large saddle. It was once used of owlbear racing.
34 A levitating rope, 2 feet.
35 A light coat with the emblem of a gryphon embroidered to the back of it.
36 A lute with a bad custom paint job that the previous owner had tried to do themselves.
37 A magical broom. Whenever you punsh someone with it, the broom starts to laugh.
38 A magical glass sphere. If you beg the sphere to show you a specific person, the sphere shows you someone else with the same name.
39 A magically locked chest that has no key.
40 A mannequin head.
41 A marble with a swirling galaxy in the center.
42 A one-foot-tall stone statue of a gnome wearing a tall pointed that is painted bright red. The tip of the statue’s hat is chipped,
   but has been painted over.
43 A pair of bright orange shoes.
44 A pair of finely embroidered slippers, but the left slipper is several sizes smaller than the right.
45 A pair of huge worn resoled boots laced with what looks like braided hair.
46 A pair of rose-tinted cat-eye glasses. When worn, the world seems a bit happier.
47 A pair of trousers far too long for any humanoid
48 A pair of white silk gloves that seem to be in good condition, except for a pale yellow stain on one of the palms.
49 A paperweight that slightly increases in size each time it is looked at.
50 A quilt that, while worn, retains the elaborate image of a lake.
51 A ridiculously large golden, bejewelled necklace that spells BOSS.
52 A round table with mismatched legs.
53 A school textbook with doodles everywhere.
54 A set of fine mugs, each with a large chip in different places.
55 A set of seven hand painted Russian nesting dolls. The images of the women are animated and their eyes follow you around the room
   and they mouth words, but make no sound. Someone who can read lips can understand that they are trying to talk to you and tell you
   ...
56 A set of three nested wooden bowls.
57 A set of very rusty butcher knives.
58 A silk black 4' cloak.
59 A small bag of portable wolves.
60 A small oil painting of a nearby castle.
61 A snow globe containing a perfect miniature replica of the thrift shop and everyone in it.
62 A snow globe with a little soldier striking a heroic pose (bonus, it changes poses when no one is looking).
63 A spell-book containing some low level spell that are all partially unreadable due to a large ink stain penetrating most of the
   pages.
64 A stuffed real horse. Former used as an armor stand for mounts.
65 A tabaxi skin vest, Tabaxi who encounter you will initiate combat unless you can beat a DC15 persuasion/intimidation. You have
   disadvantage on persuasion and advantage on intimidation.
66 A tarnished brass locket with a broken clasp. Inside is a miniature portrait of a smiling dragonborn woman.
67 A tarnished crystal ball, that intermittently flashes bright red.
68 A “lightly” used wand, DM decides wand type but it currently has only 1 charge and will not regain charges until it’s last has
   been expended to 'reset the magic'.
69 An assortment of misshapen glass bottles and goblets from a nearby glass maker.
70 An egg, with a label attached explaining that this is a perfectly normal egg and not anything to worry about.
71 An enchanted knife, the enchantment however has been long forgotten.
72 An explorer's Pack missing the rope.
73 An intricate Elven chess set with each piece meticulously carved like a small miniature, white is made from ivory and the black is
   obsidian however it is missing a black bishop, there is a standard wooden bishop in its place.
74 An old helmet. It looks like it belonged to an ancient kobold.
75 An ornate clock, which instead of telling the time is counting down to... something.
76 An ornate walking cane too tall for the average humanoid to use.
77 An out-of-fashion maroon suit tailor-made for a short, fat human, or perhaps an oddly proportioned dwarf.
78 An ugly patchwork cloak that has lots of little pockets sewn into the inside for carrying spell components or trinkets.
79 An white wedding dress with a red wine stain. At least I hope that wine.
80 Celestial salt and abyssal pepper shaker set.
81 Chip Plate Set: A halfling crafted china set. Very beautifully crafted and comes with silver utensils.
82 Circular glasses with green lenses; four of them at that!
83 Collapsible 10-foot pole (should collapse to 1 ft) that only collapses to 5 feet.
84 Dwarven matryoshka dolls.
85 Flask of alchemical runoff: an anonymous servant of a local alchemist regularly supplies the thrift shop with these unmarked
   flasks. Every time the servant wipes down their master's alchemy workshop, they wring out the rags into these flasks, funneling in
   any leftover drops of potions or salves into them. Drinking them has a 50% of poisoning the imbiber and a 50% chance of a random
   potion effect.
86 Griffon Feather Head Dress: Obviously left over from a masquerade party. You find this in poor taste now that griffons are an
   endangered species.
87 Half a wizard staff. Neither half can exist on the same plane as the other.
88 Lots of second hand armor.
89 Magical water of the wanderer. Poured on you hand the water will flow towards north. (6 uses, 50% chance to flow towards east.)
90 Merlin's Travelling 'Tiques: Well worn miniature couches, benches, stools, picnic tables, wash basins, and chairs made of teak
   that can be stored in a carpet bag. Can only be used properly with a wizard's wand to be enlarged to a usable size. A little
   stained, some coffee rings, some webs and dust here and there...but still decent.
91 Old, faded copies of an old magazine called Beholder's Digest.
92 Platform shoes, designed to give a humanoid a good half a foot extra height!
93 Slipbane Crutches: Magically enchanted crutches that adhere firmly to any surface without slipping but release with ease when
   pulled on. You remember a crazy wizard showing them off in the town square as a child by walking up the side of a building.
94 The Boots of Mismatchedness: These boots once were very fashionable and worn by a great adventurer. Now? They are still very
   fashionable, albeit full of holes from being worn out. They also have lost all semblance of shape, and you often will wear them on
   the wrong feet for a while before realizing it.
95 The Gorge Four-mon Grill: All the rage at the schools of wizardry as a portable way of making sandwiches. The miniature portal to
   the Elemental Plane of Fire made for the most toasty midnight study session snacks.
96 The Tunic of Extreme Itchiness: This is a magical item that the store will pay you to wear. It has an etching if the thrift stores
   name on it. When worn, the material is so itchy, you may have trouble focusing on spells, but you also may be disadvantaged when
   performing acts of strength or agility. The itchy factor may or may not be explicitly stated by the shopkeeper.
97 The Wall Hanger: You know you shouldn’t buy it. The steel is questionable at best. It’s not sharp enough to cut butter. You know
   it’s not even an authentic elven script that is etched into is flat, but by the gods above, the katana looks really really cool.
98 Two loaded dice (d6). They always show one random combination of seven if rolled together.
99 Urn of Dwarven Remains: Exactly what you think it is. Nobody caught it in the donation pile.
00 Variously sized used potion bottles (empty but the residuals may effect any potion made in it if not cleaned out properly).
