                                                       items in a hags lair                                                       

 1 A back scratcher made from a severed bony hand.
 2 A ball of snot-like sludge hanging from the ceiling.
 3 A basin of murky water that is constantly scrying a young girl, possibly a changeling. Vials of three colors with a dropper sit on
   the rim of the basin. Dropping the blue liquid in the basin visits the girl with good luck, red delivers bad luck to a someone
   near her, but the black inky liquid has no apparent effect.
 4 A bird's cage containing a wererat.
 5 A black cat sits curled up on a chair. When you approach, he remains unmoved, and trying to interact with him you find him
   immovable. If you attempt to sit on him/in the chair, you are cursed by the chair as the cat appears upon your lap and is the same
   as an immovable rod place on your knees.
 6 A book full of delicately preserved wings from butterflies and other small insects.
 7 A bouquet of flowers, suspended upside down to dry, smelling pleasantly of notes of lavender and rose buds.
 8 A broken arrow atop a bottle of rain. Holding the bottle allows you to walk on water. Holding the arrow turns your hand to steel
   (you do twice the damage of an unarmed strike, but take disadvantage on tasks requiring two hands. You can pry the arrow from your
   hand—but careful if you take too long both your hands will turn to steel).
 9 A cage with the skeletal remains of two small humanoids, the hand of one clutching the hand of the other.
10 A cauldron that can be used as a ritual focus. When used in ritual magic, the DC goes up 1 per person (limited to 3).
11 A chest with an ungodly amount of sweets.
12 A child's patchwork doll, missing a button eye and stained in blood.
13 A copper ring in the dirt that has a rat's chewing marks in it.
14 A cracked hand mirror, which always shows a shadowy figure to be standing behind the one looking in it. Sometimes, the figure
   moves.
15 A crate filled with rotted children’s clothing and old toys.
16 A cursed gold chain necklace. Once put on it cannot be removed. When the wearer speaks a lie a link is magically removed from the
   chain, the link clatters loudly to the ground. Lie enough and it begins to choke the wearer.
17 A cyclops’ eye that has a bite taken out of it.
18 A dead bird tied to the ceiling.
19 A decorative wine glass that poisons any liquid inside of it with cyanide when a command word is spoken (cheers).
20 A deep water well built into the room.
21 A display case of flattened beast ears arranged in such a way that a distant observer may mistake it for a butterfly display.
22 A dresser whose drawers are overflowing with loose hairs. A player who searches through the hair will find a vial of antitoxin.
23 A drum, covered in a mysterious skin.
24 A fancy paper hat which causes the wearer to attract bees, wasps, hornets, and bumblebees, which remain non-hostile until the
   wearer removed the hat.
25 A fist-sized gemstone to which the astral form of a trickster being is bound. Touching it allows you to see and communicate with
   the being. It begs that you reunite it with it's body.
26 A freshly baked pie, its crust perfectly buttered.
27 A glass bottle filled with a foul tasting dark blue liquid. If consumed the liquid convinces the person who consumed it that they
   are going to die as a result.
28 A goblin in a cage that speaks common eloquently.
29 A group of small children trapped in a cage.
30 A heavy old tome with yellowed pages and a blank cover. The book does not match the design of the surrounding books, and has a
   somewhat homemade feel to it. Nearly all the pages are filled with impressively lifelike sketches of an assortment of common folk,
   each with a smile on their face. All the drawings seem to be situated in the same village, with a single family and house
   appearing more frequently than any of the others. The members of that family each bear a slight resemblance to the hag.
31 A jar of candy wrapped in brightly colored wax paper.
32 A jar with an overweight toad crammed into it, that sings when lifted.
33 A journal by a young lass from a hundred years ago. The entries are positive, optimistic, romantic. Somewhere in the her late
   teens she falls in love for a fellow and at the same time she's visited by nightmares, headaches and visions. Strangely the
   visions darkly warn her that her lover is dangerous, something she refuses to believe even when other things she sees in them come
   to pass. She writes that she plans to run away with him before the journal abruptly ends. A knowledge check might reveal that the
   symptoms she describes are signs of a changeling coming into her power on the path to becoming a hag.
34 A large alembic which is currently distilling a medium ochre jelly.
35 A large firefly in a cage that will listen to commands. Glows red with the effect of Light.
36 A large white table cloth that can be used to set a table. When its command word is spoken it cleans itself of all stains and
   food, then folds itself into a neat triangle.
37 A life size 'voodoo' fetish that looks eerily like one of the PCs.
38 A mannequin wearing a crusty set of fine clothes which appear to have been soaked entirely in blood which has now dried
   completely. There are no visible stains on the mannequin.
39 A massive bubbling cauldron. Inside it is a disgusting mixture of god knows what.
40 A massive tapestry hung from the wall. Strange symbols and stranger images fill every space, chaotically strewn about the
   threadwork with no apparent pattern. No centralized theme or focus can be made out, but the likeliness of several important
   figures and deities can be made out amongst alien creatures and other, unknown people. The tapestry is unfinished on one side,
   making it obvious that the project is still a work in progress.
41 A mirror that shows a clown (or some scary thing) standing behind you. It isn't really there, and it doesn't seem to interact with
   you, but is very creepy.
42 A neatly organized tackle box containing a collection of human fingers and toes.
43 A overflowing jar of teeth.
44 A pair of slippers that automatically adjusts to be as comfortable as possible for their wearer.
45 A petrified gazer.
46 A piece of chalk which when used to write a persons full name causes that person to shiver. It ceases to work once all the chalk
   is exhausted.
47 A pin board of insects found in the swamp or Underdark, like strange beetles.
48 A plant pot containing a Shrieker that screams when you touch it.
49 A scruffy, scarred pigeon that nests in the rafters. Its regular sounds are replaced by snippets of the hags voice yelling
   insults.
50 A set of giant steel manacles that look like they could hold a giant.
51 A severed foot with many different types of moss and fungi growing on it.
52 A severed head taken from a rival long ago. The neck seeps blood from its wound, and constantly softly whispers nigh incoherently,
   saying all that the witch had learnt from her long-lived life, tales of old, hidden secrets and recipes long forgotten, to name a
   few.
53 A shattered mirror. The mirror shows a decaying and zombie-like version of the players, but a beautified version of the hag.
54 A skeleton on an elaborate wooden throne that will suddenly scream and crumple if a PC approaches it, laying a curse on that PC.
55 A skull of any local beast, a candle melting upon it. When the candle is snuffed out, the eye sockets glow red. It then
   materializes the rest of the body as a specter, until the eyes are gouged out. The candle will then re-ignite. While a specter,
   the creature is a neutral undead, and simply watches and wanders about, being all spooky. Works best as a small creature, like a
   cat or raven.
56 A small child, apparently unharmed.
57 A small collection of caged rats.
58 A small garden growing a bunch of weird herbs.
59 A stack of love letters written in Abyssal penned by a demon who apparently was smitten by the sight of the hag during a planar
   jaunt. Appears that the interest was unrequited.
60 A starved and maimed goblin in an iron cage. He rattles the bars rather than react to the visitors. It is clear it went mad long
   ago.
61 A stomach and intestines hung on the wall, with a mouth connected to one end, and the other end leading into a barrel (I don't
   recommend opening the barrel). It must be fed regularly or it will jump off the wall and begin eating everything.
62 A strange jar of cultured jelly. Upon closer inspection, you find it is a tiny-sized ooze or oblex in a jar.
63 A suit of armor that was once a man.
64 A talking skull.
65 A tattered ball gown, it’s faded green color and shredded edges indicating its impressive age. It drifts gently through the air as
   if carried by an invisible wind, moving haphazardly but never touching the room. Attempts to grab the dress automatically fail
   without the use of magic, the dress always fluttering just out of reach. Once grabbed, the dress stops permanently stops moving
   and shows no sign of its previously magical nature.
66 A taxidermy beholder being used as a chandelier.
67 A wooden chest with a beating heart in it.
68 An Annis Hag has a huge rusty nail, the length of a forearm. The person holding it feels paranoid and cruel, but gains advantage
   on Perception checks.
69 An Ogre or Giants severed toe.
70 An active mirror of life trapping.
71 An aged drawing of the current PCs that entered the lair.
72 An almost person-sized hourglass dangling from a rope tied to the ceiling. In place of sand, tiny teeth of all shapes and kinds
   flow between the two bulbs, each one glowing with a faint red light. The flow of the device switches directions at random times
   for no visible reason, with no bulb ever holding all the teeth.
73 An apple that reveals itself to be rotten if eaten.
74 An eyeball in a tube of yellow viscous fluid, sealed with a cork. The eye moves and looks around.
75 An immortal monkey that looks normal but quickly reveals his undead nature in the moonlight.
76 An old tarnished silver bell. Ringing it casts Toll The Dead once a day.
77 An origami figure of a stork. Has a faint conjuration aura to it.
78 An undead toad in a glass jar with a miniature Sphere of Annihilation in its mouth.
79 An unusually large slug in a cage that produces extremely sticky ooze.
80 Bones from humanoid hands which have been fastened together into a headdress.
81 Chicken feathers sticking out of the ground in bizarre patterns.
82 Corrupted rings of resistance (which are cursed to grant vulnerability instead).
83 Dried batwing.
84 Dust of sneezing and choking.
85 Erikkson the Philosophical Scarecrow. This scarecrow sits motionless in a part of the room, but will animate when he deems it
   necessary. He loves to eat straw (and flesh), and loves to tell riddles. He especially loves it when his riddles win him the flesh
   of others. But he doesnt cheat. He is a genuine and fair scarecrow. He wont eat any more than has been agreed on. If he says he
   will play riddles for a PC's hand, then he will keep his word. He also LOVES to talk about the metaphysical nature of the world.
86 Eye of newt jar. Half full.
87 Eyes of various creatures.
88 Glass orb containing the souls of screaming children.
89 Half of a beehive covered in Infernal writing. When the honeycomb is broken, an Imp is summoned.
90 Paintings and sculptures of prominent townspeople.
91 People converted into anthropomorphic kelp.
92 Seven jars filled with blood. One of them has recently been emptied.
93 Six inches of orange tinted water on the floor.
94 Tentacle from a vampire squid.
95 The hag's kitchen is a marvel of inventive interior design, with hands that stick out of the walls, as though their owners were
   forced into the stone itself. The hands hold cups, cutlery, a set of keys, a hat, a dark cloak and hanging vegetables.
96 The preserved, leathery head of a dwarf.
97 The shadow of a rat on the floor, which moves as a normal rat would. However, there is no rat, not even an invisible one.
98 The still beating heart of some unknown humanoid.
99 There is an alchemy desk with the accouterments you would expect. Eyes in jars, fingers in candlestick holders, with thin wicks
   coming out of the tips, animal parts, and grisly looking things you don't think about too much. Despite everything, you can't but
   find yourself feeling extremely hungry while examining it.
00 Two voodoo-esque dolls of other hags, with faint magic within, from when she tried to create a coven with the souls of dead hags.
