                                                        wild magic surges                                                         

 1 1d8 medium sized purple tentacles rise from the ground. They are semi-sentinel and not aligned to caster nor foe. They attempt to
   grapple anything within range (DC 14)
 2 2d8 gp fly out of the casters hands. 2d8 of them hit (if the second roll exceeds the first, they all hit), dealing 1d4-1
   bludgeoning damage each.
 3 A Couatl, sensing a spell being cast, swoops within 10 feet of the party's heads, and flies away after examining the magic cast.
 4 A caster teleports 25 ft. to the left of their location. A trail of fire appears from their starting position to their teleported
   position.
 5 A chorus of ethereal voices congratulate the caster on casting the spell and compliment the quality of both the casting and the
   spell itself. Anytime the caster uses magic within an hour of the casting of the original spell, they are met with the murmured
   approval and commentary of the voices.
 6 A force explodes out in a ring around the caster, knocking everybody back 5 feet (Fort save DC14, range 25ft)
 7 A genie offers the caster a Wish, but refuses to grant it and disappears.
 8 A lit birthday candle appears before the caster. In front of the candle is a note. The note reads “blow the candle out to make a
   wish.
 9 A sinkhole, 20 feet deep and 10 feet in diameter, appears at a random location within 100 feet of the caster.
10 A small lead figure of the caster in the exact pose they were in appears in mid air and falls to the ground. Despite being so
   small, it weighs exactly as much as the caster.
11 A small songbird pops into existence in mid-flight 10 feet above the caster. Roll a d20. On a 1, the bird poops and it lands on
   the caster. On a 20, the bird poops and it lands on the target of the spell.
12 A tiny elemental of the caster’s choice appears as a familiar.
13 A weapon within 30 feet of caster becomes sentient, it's always grumbling about being dirty and grants disadvantage to the user if
   they don't spend an hour a day cleaning it.
14 After 1d4 rounds of casting the spell, a bear intent on violence towards the party, and with knowledge of their whereabouts, is
   summoned 200 feet away.
15 After casting the spell, the caster hears strange whispers in an unknown language for 1d20 minutes. Occasionally the whispers seem
   to go quiet, as though they know someone is listening.
16 All noises the caster makes for the next minute are x100 times louder.
17 All the PCs and NPCs including monsters change places, rotate places 1d4 spots clockwise
18 All the players randomly change bodies for 1d4 rounds.
19 All water in a 50 ft radius evaporates instantly.
20 Any keratin on the caster's body (hair, nails, feathers, some skin, horns, hooves, etc...) turn a vibrant hue.
21 Any loose objects move 10ft closer to caster.
22 Any non-magical pouches or containers on the caster’s person tear open and spill their contents onto the ground.
23 Any object or being that the caster touches for 1d10 rounds ( 1 minute out of combat) turns to leaves for 1d10 minutes.
24 Around the caster spawns 10 frogs, all of them are passive.
25 Around the caster spawns 10 rats, all of them hostile.
26 Both caster must make a DC 15 Wis save. On failure, they drop whatever they are holding.
27 Bubbles sprout from the casters mouth every time he exales, lasts 1 hour.
28 Caster knows a new language, chosen by the DM.
29 Caster turns into massive oak tree.
30 Caster's hair changes color.
31 Caster's race changes every day for the next week.
32 Every writing in a 10-foot radius of the caster immediately transforms into incredibly petty criticism of the caster. If the
   caster reads any of it, they must make a DC 10 Wisdom saving throw or believe whatever minor putdown the writing describes.
33 Everyone in a 3d6 foot radius has to make a DC 15 Con save or falls asleep for 1d4 rounds.
34 Feathers - The caster hair follicle's sprout feathers of one type and in the next round, these fall off, or fly away and a round
   after, they sprout different feathers. This effect lasts a number of turns = d6+spell level . So the caster was casting Chain
   Lightning a 6th level spell. 6d6 turns.
35 Five Violet Fungus sprout up from the ground and begin attacking the party when the spell is cast.
36 Fog seeps up from the ground, obscuring everything within a 20' radius of the target, or caster, for 1d4 rounds.
37 For the next 24 hours, the caster’s nose grows outwards by 1 inch every time they knowingly tell a lie. The nose returns to it’s
   previous size once the duration is up.
38 For the next hour, the caster bursts into a fit of evil, maniacal laughter every time they open their mouth. Each time they do so,
   they must make a DC 13 Wisdom saving throw or be compelled to pull a minor prank of some kind. The nature of the prank is at the
   player’s discretion, so long as it is suitably mischevious and harmless.
39 If the caster is using a spell casting focus, it grows 100 times heavier for one minute.
40 In front of the caster a portal, no larger than a fist, opens to the realm of infinite (insert desired liquid here). That liquid
   begins to pour out uncontrollably for 1 rnd / caster level.
41 In the next 1d6 hours the caster grows 1d6 feet, but gains no mass, so a halfling would become an extremely tall thin creature. No
   negative effects purely cosmetic, can be reversed with remove curse.
42 Instead of doing any damage the full points of damage would heal the person instead.
43 Instead of the cone of ice you wanted, a disgruntled 6 inch pixie appears, flies up to you, punches you in the forehead, sprinkles
   you with a dust that makes you sneeze violently, and then vanishes in a puff of neon pink and orange glitter.
44 Instead of the effect you were intending, there is a burst of silent and illusionary fireworks in a 100 foot radius around you,
   and all creatures affected by them are stunned until their next turn.
45 Instead of the fireball you were expecting, you begin summoning countless cabbages, pouring out in a cone in front of you.
46 Instead of the intended effect, 10d10 trees in the area grow mouths, and begin singing for 1d8 rounds.  If the original spell was
   supposed to be a spell of healing, the song is a rousing chorus that washes away fatigue and ends any emotional (fear, charm,
   etc.) effect that is currently afflicting any that hear it.  If the original spell was supposed to be an attack spell, the song is
   an irresistible tune that catches up all that hear it into singing it with the trees, and all the attitudes of the combatants is
   changed to neutral towards each other when the song ends.  If the spell was supposed to be anything else, the song is a soothing
   song that makes the listeners sleepy, making it hard to take reactionary attacks until the song ends.
47 Irregardless of the amount of time that passes in game the caster of this spell can see and hear all that happens in the real
   world surrounding the player of said character for the next 1d6 minutes per level of spell cast.
48 It rains literal cats and dogs for one round, causing 1d4 bludgeon damage to any creature hit by a dog and 1d6 slashing damage to
   any creature hit by a cat.
49 Magical silence falls in a 50 ft radius that lasts for 10 minutes.
50 Next book the caster reads, has him/her as protagonist
51 Something Fishy: the caster is left smelling of fish. The target of the spell also smells of fish. If the spell affects an area,
   the area smells of fish. If the spell produces a projectile the projectile becomes a fish(no change to damage type).
52 Target turns into a marble figurine of itself. When the figurine is activated (by throwing it into an unoccupied space) it
   transforms back into its living form and is hostile towards all creatures.
53 The cast vomits up a huge slug after casting the spell.
54 The caster and target switch classes but retain their respective level, if the target does not have a class then the caster
   switches classes with the closest humanoid with one.
55 The caster and the target both get an intense sense of kinship and refuse to fight each other for 1d4 rounds.
56 The caster becomes a potted plant until start of next turn.
57 The caster begins to glow. (As Light spell, no save)
58 The caster can see one round into the future.
59 The caster casts grease centered on self.
60 The caster develops severe claustrophobia for 1d4 hours.
61 The caster experienced extreme discomfort in their stomach for 1d4 turns before finally releasing a monstrous belch for another
   1d4 turns. This belch functions as per the description of the spell Gust of Wind, with the direction of the wind being whichever
   direction the caster is facing.
62 The caster gains 50 lbs.
63 The caster gets the hiccups, which last for 1d6 minutes.
64 The caster grows an extra finger on one of their hands. A remove curse spell or a successful DC20 medicine check can remove the
   finger.
65 The caster has max damage on the spell they were casting.
66 The caster is launched ten feet into the air and falls back down.
67 The caster is trapped in a giant glass ball. Must be broken to be freed.
68 The caster loses containment of his or her magical power, which all goes pouring out to the nearest creature. The caster expends
   all his or her remaining spell slots and sorcery points, adding all the spell levels together (with each sorcery point counting as
   1 level). The target takes 1d6 force damage for each spell level expended this way. If this damage kills the target, the leftover
   damage continues to the next closest creature, and so on until all damage has been applied.
69 The caster loses control of their bladder. Constitution save DC18 or they urinate on the spot.
70 The caster rolls 1d2. 1 = the age 1d10 years. 2 = they lose 1d10 years.
71 The caster sees everyone as a decaying corpse for 24h.
72 The caster spits glitter when he talks. It gets everywhere. The effect ends after 1 minute but the glitter never goes away.
73 The caster spontaneously combusts.
74 The caster suddenly witnesses a memory from one of their ancestors.
75 The caster's arms disappear and are replaced with mist-limbs. They can only lift up to ten pounds but can fit under doors, open
   non-magical locks, and even cool hot metals. Lasts for 1d10 minutes.
76 The caster's eyes glow and they're able to see in the dark but the glow allows everything in the darkness to see them.
77 The caster's hair grows very rapidly, if male, so does the beard. It grows to about 2meters length, and turns purple, green or
   blue.
78 The casters eyes and veins glow in the dark for 1d6 days.
79 The casters eyes catch on fire and their hands are covered in ice crystals. Any unarmed attack deals an additional 1d4 cold damage
   for 1d4 rounds.
80 The casters eyes flash with a strange color. To the caster, everybody's skin and muscles are transparent, revealing their organs.
   This lasts for 1 minute.
81 The casters hair disappears, reappearing 1d6 days later, washed, braided and decorated with flowers.
82 The first person who says the casters name then has total mental control over them for 1d4 rounds.
83 The next person the caster physically touches takes 1d6 lightning damage.
84 The next piece of metal the caster touches turns to gold.
85 The smell of cinnamon fills the area in a 30-foot radius around the caster.
86 The somatic components for the song are replaced with the theme song to friends, and the hand-gestures are the clapping.
87 The spell builds up at the users magical implement, charging. The spell is not cast this turn, but next, dealing double damage to
   those hit.
88 The spell fails to take effect... until 1d4 rounds later.
89 The spell is unexpectedly loud and everyone within 10 feet of you (including you) takes 1d6 thunder damage and the spell can be
   heard 600 feet away.
90 The target for the spell becomes immobilized for 1 round, and until they succeed in a con save (DC 10).
91 The target is effect by the same spell twice. The caster still uses one spell slot. If the first casting is within the caster's
   control (ploy morph, alter self), the second effect is totally random.
92 The user is driven mad by the spell, causing them to go into a barbarian rage for one minute.
93 The world seems to dim and plants seem to wilt around you. Everybody in a 20 foot radius takes double damage from necrotic damage
   and take one point of exhaustion on any critical failures for the next 10 turns (one minute outside combat).
94 The world seems to slow to a crawl around you. You get to take 1 additional action.
95 They grow rabbit ears that give them advantage on all perception rolls for 1 hour.
96 You feel like you really need to sneeze. Make a constitution saving throw with a DC of 10+your spell casting modifier. On a
   failure, you sneeze, and involuntarily cast prismatic spray (without consuming a spell slot) in the direction you are facing. On a
   successful save, you sneeze normally, without any ill effects.
97 You feel very attractive... All unsecured objects and creatures in a 100 ft radius moves towards you by 5 feet.
98 You flash with golden light that seems to hang in the air around you. Everyone caught in this light (20 foot radius) receives
   double healing and cannot lie for the next 10 turns (one minute outside combat).
99 You immediately grow a bunch of body hair that falls off after a day.
00 Your shadow detaches from you and becomes a shadow (the creature).
